Houston permission rotate the panel 48
degrees over Roger at 2:36 p.m. 125
miles above Earth Shuttle astronaut
Spencer Armacost suddenly lost contact
I'm Sherman Reese from NASA it's about
your husband what happened there was an
explosion we lost contact for about two
minutes
hey what happened up there everything
shut down no Sam it was the one for you
too most he seemed the same but to his
wife he had become something not of this
world
oh yes Jesus here where is it two
heartbeats it's twins mrs. Armacost it's
in everything's gonna be just fine
no what happened during those two
minutes accident there was an explosion
oh she's beginning to fear that the
lives inside her are inhuman
and he will stop at nothing to protect
them Wow if you are watching this tape
if you're watching this tape mrs.
Armacost I'm probably dead he's not your
husband anymore you want to go where you
don't go
[Music]
I love you Jillian
Johnny Depp Charlize Theron the
astronaut's wife everything I see you
see everything you think